Donghuang Chongxiang
Attacked from outside
Loyalty and filial piety
Should be punished
Today, the gods will follow me as a traitor to destroy Zhongxiao
18 great gods from outside the imperial court came with a charm
Trying to destroy my loyalty
It's really majestic
It will eventually be a sacrificial flag
Donghuang Creampie
I Sword Qi Great Wall
The soldiers and fighters are all arrayed in front of the flag
Hahaha fishing stubbornly resists courting death
Kill cross-border level
go all out
You are the resistance commune of Dunhaozhou
Huishen Dharma
God bless me, I am loyal and filial
I Sword Qi Great Wall
Divide up loyalty and filial piety
Hahahaha
A few rats
Dare to spare my dear appearance
Do you want to die?